Hello everyone and welcome this lecture and this lecture.
We're going to discuss a very kind of buzz word nowadays where a college diploma.
OK so deep learning is mainly a subset of machine learning that utilizes multi layer artificial neural
network.
Okay so let's take a look at a kind of a graphical representation.
It's where guests can see here.
We have artificial intelligence or I which is all a kind of them that can be the mother of everything.
OK.
Which is how can we mimic our human intelligence within artificial intelligence.
There is machine learning which a subset of it.
Okay.
And then within it there is deep learning.
Okay which is specifically trying to teach what call a proficient you know networks in a deep fashion.
OK.
I'm going to tell you exactly what they mean by fashion to you know do different tasks.
We can use it to perform regression and can use it to perform classification.
We can do tons of tons of things with it.
Actually in this like in this course we're going to take kind of a dig a little deeper.
We're going to use the planning to actually classify different faces into let's say smiling happy faces
or let's say frowning faces for instance.
So this is simply how we build our what we call a deep neural network.
We have these black dots it's what call neurones which is simply trying to mimic how our human neurones
works how our biological insurance works.
So we simply take a look at our neurones our biological neurones and we try to copy them.
We try to mimic them and we connect them together in this kind of a structured format and in a kind
of qualifiable input layer we have what I call the opiate or the targets which is our opaquely.
And then he we have seen visible quality hidden layers.
Again please don't beat Nogi Don't be intimidated.
It's very very simple and I'm going to discuss that in in way more details in the next in the next section
when we discuss you know when they can take a look at the practical applications politically or any
this just the quick overview what do you mean by it why it's called deep.
We call it deep because here we have more than one hidden layers.
So we have like hundreds maybe thousands of neurones here in these kind of different layers and we connect
them in this fashion.
And that's what we call it you know when we say deplaning or right again deep learning it's kind of
a subset of machine learning which is a subset of artificial intelligence.
All right.
Okay.
So which Stickney should we use.
Okay that's.
Again it's a very kind of you know car like.
OK.
Important question.
And let's take a look at what Dick Meeks.
Do we have available right now when it comes to classification which comes to aggression when it comes
to clustering.
So coastal classification we have discrete outputs.
OK.
So our outputs for example are discrete let's say for operators let's say 0 1.
Okay.
Then we can use classification exemplars of that.
We can use or we call a support vector machines.
Actually going to have an example like in piki study on support of the machines we have one a Navy base.
We have random force.
We have canniest neighbours and we have all kind of logistic regression which is again useful classification
purposes.
Again guys please bear in mind that this course is not a full blown machine.
And of course this course is kind of a subset of the entire Python you know beginning to pro masterclass
and the overall objective is to give you kind of you all look like three case studies you know that
teaches you the basics of foundation of machine learning.
If you're interested please go ahead and you know maybe discover another deep specific machine learning
course may be full blown 20 or 30 hours machine learning course but here we're just going to take kind
of a sample of some of these classification and aggression techniques to give you an idea of what do
you mean by machine learning in general and how can we use it in your in a Python programming format.
So again when we do classification that means we have our output is discrete or discrete or categories.
So if we have let's say outputs let's say 0 or 1 then we can use classification to perform this the
next categories we'll call it aggression.
So if I were alpert is in a continuous format let's say You for example predicting let's say the temperature
of a room or expecting let's say or predicting the revenue expect revenue and actually have an example
on revenue predictions.
Then we can go ahead and use that aggression we can you simply new aggression.
We have multiple linear regression and we have more quality polynomial regression.
Said different categories in this course will get our media focussed on the simple linear regression
as an example for the Gresh.
The techniques will kill a clustering.
Which is we don't have label data.
We don't have any rebuilded at all we just feed the data in there.
And you know the machine or the algorithm you just try to find clusters or try to find categories or
categorize the data on its own try to find patterns within the data.
An example of that is it market segmentation.
So if you wanted for example to Lawrence let's say a marketing campaign we can use market segmentation
to define the market or to divide the to customers in different segments.
Let's say for example you know like laker humans for instance or customers that like for example these
specific type of courses for instance we're going to launch a marketing strategy for them and that's
how we do it when it comes to clustering.
OK.
Or you know I'm an unsupervised fashion and executive there's war college kids means kloster.
Ah it's okay.
And that's kind of an overview of the different you know the meets again what I'm going to discuss all
these techniques in this course he'll get a focussed focus on you know is simple of a support that can
machines and simple it aggression and also going to cover an example for deplaning in this course.
Let's recap what we have covered so far.
We this lectures we give an overview of what they mean by deep learning which is again you know like
deep you know networks are kind of inspired by the human brain and we call it deep because we build
these networks in in deep passion.
We have different neurones connected in different layers.
We had discussed that in a much more details moving forward.
And then in the next sections end which technique will we use can be categorized either to classification.
So if your output is either let's say Zealand one we can use classification n can you suppose we were
to machines.
Now you've been Zen and forest genius neighbours and so on.
The question came in the use of our LP this continuous in a way clustering.
If you don't have any Lieben dear if we'll have any liebert data we can just use unsupervised learning.
We can use the key alchemies closeting to cluster a word.
They are right and this very much all for this lecture.
I hope you guys enjoy it and see you in the future lectures.